It is such a crazy time to be alive right now. The advancements that us as humans are making with technology are insane. Things are being created now that people probably thought would never be possible and I believe that artificial intelligence (AI) plays a huge role in this. Prior to taking this course I thought I had a really good understanding of what AI was. However taking this course taught me that there is much more to AI than I thought before. I learned how many different ones there actually are and how there are different models and versions made for specific things. On top of all of those I learned how to use AI to make a command line interface (CLI) task manager program.

In this class we were given 5 tasks that we had to complete over the 10 weeks of the course. Each task taught me something new about how I could use AI to make anything from nothing. Some tasks were simpler than others, like tasks 1 and 2 started off super easy. It was just teaching us how to prompt the AI to get what we want and push it to our GitHub repository. Tasks 3 through 5 are where things became a little tougher, it taught us how to use things like uv to test the AI's code, introduce AI into our code, and using GitHub's speckit. Those 5 tasks that I did throughout the course prepared me for the project. I already knew how to go about it when looking back and how I completed those prototype tasks. 

I primarily was using OpenAI's ChatGPT 5.1 and GitHub Copilot in Visual Studio Code together. Before I did anything, I went straight to ChatGPT and told it what I had to do and it gave me a whole plan that was organized and easy to follow. I would generate my code using Copilot and if anything went wrong and Copilot just could not seem to fix it, I would take the same error message to ChatGPT and it could usually fix the issue and give me detailed steps to follow. I would go step by step to make sure I was not moving on with too many errors in my code. I also at some points used ChatGPT to write prompts for me for things I would want Copilot to do. Using these two AI's together to fix each other and get my code working was something that worked very well for me.

However it was not all sunshine and rainbows, there were definitely a lot of things that came up when trying to create my program. Most of the issues came with using OpenAI's API. To start off when it came to setting up my API key, everything seemed like it was going smoothly until I had to verify my organization so I could access protected models like gpt-5-mini. OpenAI's website was not registering that I was verified for days but it ended up fixing itself like a week later and I could use it. When it came to putting it into my final project, the AI was having issues where it did not know how to write the code for the API to work and it even ended up using an old version of the code that did not work for the API anymore. However I took the issues to ChatGPT and it ended up being able to fix them and apart from that there is nothing else that did not really work for me. In the end I found API's really cool and something that I will probably use in a personal future project now that I am familiar with them.

Overall this course and final project showed me that there is an endless amount of possibilities when it comes to AI, and being able to just give it a prompt, sit back and relax, then have a whole working program, sounds kind of bizarre. I believe that this project showed me that there is definitely a lot of room for AI to make mistakes when it comes to more difficult things, but this only makes it smarter as it ends up solving its own problems.
